update release process to support multiple version (#2014)
github/codeql-action: CONTRIBUTING.md

    - Add a changelog note announcing the new minimum version of CodeQL that is now required.
    - Example PR: https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1907

## Deprecating a CodeQL-Action version (write access required)

When necessary we maintain multiple versions of the CodeQL action, for example to support older version of NodeJS as required by GHES versions that are still supported. The automated release process opens backport PRs to update older versions once the primary release is merged. Deprecation of older versions of the action will generally happen once a particular older GHES version is no longer supported, and hence we can stop maintainin the action for a particular NodeJS version.

> The backport process is controlled by setting the minimum version number of the action that is still supported, defined at the in the [release-branches](.github/actions/release-branches/release-branches.py) action. To stop udpating an older version of the action:
> 
> 1. Notify any users who are still pinned to the `vN` tag of the deprecated version of the action.
>    - Add a changelog note announcing the deprecation.
> 2. Bump the `OLDEST_SUPPORTED_MAJOR_VERSION` in [release-branches.py](.github/actions/release-branches/release-branches.py)
> 3. Merge this change to main and the next release will not backport changes to the deprecated release version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deprecate an older version of the Action:

1. Notify any users who are still pinned to the `vN` tag of the deprecated version of the Action, giving as much notice as is practical.
   - Add a changelog note announcing the deprecation.
   - Implement an Actions warning for customers using the deprecated version.
1. Wait for the deprecation period to pass.
1. Upgrade the Actions warning for customers using the deprecated version to a non-fatal error, and mention that this version of the Action is no longer supported. 
1. Make a PR to bump the `OLDEST_SUPPORTED_MAJOR_VERSION` in [release-branches.py](.github/actions/release-branches/release-branches.py).  Once this PR is merged, the release process will no longer backport changes to the deprecated release version.
```
